README.md, before:

# event-handler

## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This repository follows the MVC paradigm and thus contains the routes, views, javaScript, models, seeds and server.js files for the project two. It is an app for posting upcoming events in the neighborhood and posting errands that one would like to get done. A user of the neighborhood can create an acount to view events, RSVP to them and create an event or errand for themself. The routes enable the user to perform the following actions:
- Get all events
- Get a single event
- Get all errands
- Create and delete an event
- Create an errand
- RSVP for an event
- Get count for events
- Post email through ethereal
- Get nearby restaurants through google API
- Filter out past events

### This application has been deployed on heroku and can be viewed [here](https://arcane-hollows-20210.herokuapp.com)

>## Table of contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

### The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-1.png?raw=true)

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-2.png?raw=true)

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-3.png?raw=true)

## [**Installation**](#table-of-contents)

To install this aplication on your device, please follow these instructions:

This application has been deployed on Heroku and can be run on any machine using the live URL provided.


## [**Usage**](#table-of-contents)
The everrands app enables people in a neighborhood to connect over gatherings that can be posted on the app. A user can view the event and enter a count of people attending from friends and family. The host is then notified via email of the `RSVP count of number of people and for which particular event`. The host of an event can look up catering options in the neighborhood by entering a dish name which renders nearby restaurants serving that dish through `google API`. The app also allows users to create errands and provide their contact details and pay for that errand which other neighborhood people can then respond to. 

## [**Testing**](#table-of-contents)
In order to test this application and view existing events and errands, one can sign in using the login credentials from the `userData.json` which are as follows:

`username`: sal@hotmail.com
`password`: password12345


## [**License**](#table-of-contents)
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## [**Contributing**](#table-of-contents)
If you wish to contribute to this project, you can visit my github and add to this application!


## [**Questions**](#table-of-contents)

If you have any questions regarding this repo, feel free to reachout on [github](https://github.com/rashida53) or via [email](rashidamk21@gmail.com).

Commit message:

Add ethereal credentials to readme

README.md, after:

# event-handler

## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This repository follows the MVC paradigm and thus contains the routes, views, javaScript, models, seeds and server.js files for the project two. It is an app for posting upcoming events in the neighborhood and posting errands that one would like to get done. A user of the neighborhood can create an acount to view events, RSVP to them and create an event or errand for themself. The routes enable the user to perform the following actions:
- Get all events
- Get a single event
- Get all errands
- Create and delete an event
- Create an errand
- RSVP for an event
- Get count for events
- Post email through ethereal
- Get nearby restaurants through google API
- Filter out past events

### This application has been deployed on heroku and can be viewed [here](https://arcane-hollows-20210.herokuapp.com)

>## Table of contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

### The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-1.png?raw=true)

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-2.png?raw=true)

![screenshot](https://github.com/rashida53/event-handler/blob/main/everrands-demo-3.png?raw=true)

## [**Installation**](#table-of-contents)

To install this aplication on your device, please follow these instructions:

This application has been deployed on Heroku and can be run on any machine using the live URL provided.


## [**Usage**](#table-of-contents)
The everrands app enables people in a neighborhood to connect over gatherings that can be posted on the app. A user can view the event and enter a count of people attending from friends and family. The host is then notified via email of the `RSVP count of number of people and for which particular event`. The host of an event can look up catering options in the neighborhood by entering a dish name which renders nearby restaurants serving that dish through `google API`. The app also allows users to create errands and provide their contact details and pay for that errand which other neighborhood people can then respond to. 

## [**Testing**](#table-of-contents)
In order to test this application and view existing events and errands, one can sign in using the login credentials from the `userData.json` which are as follows:

`username`: sal@hotmail.com
`password`: password12345


The RSVP feature sends email to the host of the event to notify of the count of attendees. The login credentials to view the email on ethereal are as follows:

`username`: nickolas.mckenzie3@ethereal.email
`password`: xRpSbhKTxyqwMMyCTp

Click [here](https://ethereal.email/) to open ethereal

## [**License**](#table-of-contents)
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## [**Contributing**](#table-of-contents)
If you wish to contribute to this project, you can visit my github and add to this application!


## [**Questions**](#table-of-contents)

If you have any questions regarding this repo, feel free to reachout on [github](https://github.com/rashida53) or via [email](rashidamk21@gmail.com).
